README.md, before:

### Portfolio Template 🚀

This is a portfolio template built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS, with a minimalist elegant design. It includes a preloader for smooth loading transitions and various reusable components to make building your portfolio a breeze. 

### Features 🌟
- **Next.js:** Utilizes the power of Next.js for server-side rendering and efficient routing.
- **Tailwind CSS:** Fully customizable styling using Tailwind CSS utility classes.
- **Preloader:** Smooth loading transitions for a seamless user experience.
- **Reusable Components:** Includes pre-built components for easy integration and customization.
- **Easy to Use:** Simple structure and clean codebase make it easy to understand and modify.
- **Responsive Design:** Ensures your portfolio looks great on all devices.

### Getting Started 🛠️
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone github.com/kars1996/portfoliotemplate
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:3000` to see the portfolio template in action.

### Credits & Acknowledgments 🙏
- **Design Inspiration:** Kars's minimalist design served as the foundation for this portfolio template.
- **Kars's Website:** Check out [Kars's Website](https://kars.bio) for more amazing designs and projects.

### License 📝
This project is licensed under the GNU License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

### Feedback & Contributions 🚀
Feedback, bug reports, and contributions are welcome! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

### Connect with Kars 🌐
- [Kars's Website](https://kars.bio)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/kars1996)

Commit message:

chore(README): Add Live Preview Link

README.md, after:

### Portfolio Template 🚀

This is a portfolio template built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS, with a minimalist elegant design. It includes a preloader for smooth loading transitions and various reusable components to make building your portfolio a breeze. Check out a **Live Preview** [Here](https://template.karstest.pro)

### Features 🌟
- **Next.js:** Utilizes the power of Next.js for server-side rendering and efficient routing.
- **Tailwind CSS:** Fully customizable styling using Tailwind CSS utility classes.
- **Preloader:** Smooth loading transitions for a seamless user experience.
- **Reusable Components:** Includes pre-built components for easy integration and customization.
- **Easy to Use:** Simple structure and clean codebase make it easy to understand and modify.
- **Responsive Design:** Ensures your portfolio looks great on all devices.

### Getting Started 🛠️
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone github.com/kars1996/portfoliotemplate
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open your browser and visit `http://localhost:3000` to see the portfolio template in action.

### Credits & Acknowledgments 🙏
- **Design Inspiration:** Kars's minimalist design served as the foundation for this portfolio template.
- **Kars's Website:** Check out [Kars's Website](https://kars.bio) for more amazing designs and projects.

### License 📝
This project is licensed under the GNU License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

### Feedback & Contributions 🚀
Feedback, bug reports, and contributions are welcome! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

### Connect with Kars 🌐
- [Kars's Website](https://kars.bio)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/kars1996)
